we are on
we are on our way to cop26
which has been mentioned off and on in
the course of this memorial today
and there comes a point where you want
to ask david just exactly what are we
going to do there
and talking to
david's many friends
you know it is
very easy and powerful and and
sad and heart-wrenching
it is very simple
to conjure
david and suddenly he's standing next to
and i would ask david i would ask david
and they have been
time after time after time
by the very criminals
the carbon dioxide the nitrous oxide the
methane what have you
they end up time and time again and the
banks that give them billions of dollars
some somehow they end up financing these
climate conferences
so
[Music]
i believe now just just gathering all
the conversations since the 90s
his friends and his readers and his
students
as has happened today
here in this online
what is the physical experience of the
power of these corporations
at these conferences
at least i believe that is one that is
one of the things that he would act that
that he would ask
and i i believe that
suddenly just imagining him asking me
this i start coming up with an answer i
would not have come up with by myself
[Music]
i find myself remembering that these
polluting
corporations these oil companies these
plastic companies these chemical
companies they bombard the conferences
before they take place in the weeks
running up to the conference
there are
advertisements and press releases
and reputational consultants
and spin doctors and they are on leash
on everybody that's going to come
and right now the press releases all
promised
zero carbon by a particular date 2040
2045 2035 2050 2037 they all have zero
carbon it's
[Music]
it's it's an example of press
releases i think that would be a phrase
that david would use
that would be my answer today but i
think that david would say well first of
all go there you're with your community
go there with the choir
and sing on the streets of glasgow
the way you sang it occupied
[Music]
pull them into the parade
to those exclusive conferences that
nobody can go to
[Music]
it's coming into my body
mother earth flowing through us amen
praise me
direct democracy is physical
democracy
[Applause]
[Music]
hey